how much do hurricanes way yeah how much
well let's start small with a simple
white puffy cloud there's not a cloud in
and you asked how much water is in that
class how much how much does it weigh
well it's like floating around so it
can't weigh much haha we looked it up
and you're gonna be surprised hey the
answer is it weighs about two hundred
sixteen thousand pounds
weh-weh which is roughly the weight of
two-thirds of a blue whale so that's a
lot of water up there hanging in the sky
so if it weighs so much how come the
cloud just doesn't fall down well here's
why look under the cloud and what do you
see just air okay but now what do you
see something right under most clouds
this is totally invisible in real life
you will find a warm current of air
rising up you know warm air rises yes
all right
and if you zoom in you can see rising
molecules of warm air pushing up while
the water droplets all those drops they
can't fall because the rising air won't
let them fall as long as the air pushing
up is stronger than the droplets coming
down the cloud stays floating in the sky
and that's why they float that's the
main reason okay so we know how heavy a
white fluffy cloud is and why it floats
what about one of these storm clouds ah
you mean one of those dark at the bottom
yeah they can't come here on man but
yeah I mean a typical cumulonimbus cloud
it weighs about 105 point eight million
pounds that's 353 blue whales worth of
water
that's a whole lot of water that at any
time could which brings us this being
the season two hurricanes so how much
does a hurricane way well the numbers
here are kind of staggering a typical
North American hurricane carries up a
hundred and eight billion pounds of
water now that works out to something
like the weight of 360,000 blue whale
that's more blue whales than there are
on this planet moving across the sky
hurricanes you should know are immense
water moving machines they take water
from one part of the planet and they
drop it on another part of the planet
and the volume the weight of all that
water is enormous